>> Brian Holt: So one thing I wanted
to show you before we get even further
into this and
before we get into even docker features
is this was a feature I was playing with
yesterday that I kind of wanted to
just explore with you a little bit.
If I go into my command line here,
there's a feature of Docker that I
haven't really used a whole lot.
So feel free to explore
a little bit more than me.
It's called scout, That allows you
to inspect your containers for
vulnerabilities, for
anything that Dockers identifies, hey,
this part of your
container is problematic.
There's a feature called quick view, and
you can just put
a container name in there.
So let's just look at the Alpine
container that we've been looking at,
cuz I noticed it had some
security vulnerabilities.
So it's just It's gonna do
a really quick scan of it, and
it's gonna say, hey,
we actually found four,
I think this is medium vulnerabilities
in your container there.
So then you can copy and paste this, CVEs,
if you're not familiar with the term CVE,
I don't even remember what it stands for,
but it's a published vulnerability.
It's a process for
publishing big vulnerabilities.
So like when Microsoft had,
like the heart bleed that was
published as a CVE for example, right?
It's for stuff like that.
>> Brian Holt: So if we do that,
CVEs for alpine 3.9 point one,
we'll get a bit more in depth information.
You can see we have four
vulnerabilities here.
It looks like there's 6 total,
that's interesting 2 are unspecified.
Looks like there's 2 here.
And you can like click into these and
see what they are.
Also 2 of them are coming from open SSL.
And then these medium CVE
are all coming from busy box.
We talked a little bit about that before.
That busy box is just
what underpins Alpine.
So I thought that was kinda cool.
It's a feature that
wasn't there previously.
I looked in the GUI,
it's also in there as well.
So if we go into here,
where was one of our Alpine ones?
This one, okay?
So this is one that we built,
Alpine 3, for a more complicated app.
You can see all of these
are still showing up here.
It'll show you the layers that
are problematic, which is cool.
You can actually even go up into this and
you can see what's going on there.
It'll show you all the packages
that are installed here,
which is kind of interesting.
And all the official images that
we're building off of here.
>> Brian Holt: Recommended fixes.
That's cool,
I recommend fixes for base image.
So they're just telling us to,
I'll just pull a new one.
Okay, cool, interesting.
Or change the base image.
Yeah, they're saying, yeah,
probably change this to 320, right?
And you can see this was actually
published within the past 20 hours, right?
So, since we started the course,
it's kind of interesting, cool.
So that is Docker Scout,
pretty cool stuff.
There's more to it,
I think it's just their tool for
>> Brian Holt: Keeping things secure.
There's other things in here that I
haven't really played around with, but
I invite you to go check it out and
play with it.